

dos2unix submit_prob_1.sh
dos2unix submit_prob_2.sh
dos2unix submit_prob_3.sh
dos2unix submit_prob_4.sh
dos2unix submit_prob_5.sh
dos2unix submit_prob_6.sh
dos2unix submit_prob_7.sh
dos2unix submit_prob_8.sh
dos2unix submit_prob_9.sh
dos2unix submit_prob_10.sh
dos2unix submit_prob_11.sh
dos2unix submit_prob_12.sh


sbatch submit_prob_1.sh
sbatch submit_prob_2.sh
sbatch submit_prob_3.sh
sbatch submit_prob_4.sh
sbatch submit_prob_5.sh
sbatch submit_prob_6.sh
sbatch submit_prob_7.sh
sbatch submit_prob_8.sh
sbatch submit_prob_9.sh
sbatch submit_prob_10.sh
sbatch submit_prob_11.sh
sbatch submit_prob_12.sh
